Actorlist
The techniques in this submission is a foundation for our work on Thursday, 
and thus must be completed before that. It is also a chance to recap your 
learnings from last semester; there are no new topics introduced.

Description of the assignment
You are going to build a simple webpage that displays a list of actors. The 
list is read from a JSON-file containing a single array. Each item in the array contains the full name of the actor, 
and a movie they appear in. There are four different movies: Pulp Fiction, Fight Club, Goodfellas, and Inception.

The actors are not sorted in any particular order.

The user must be able to click on a actor, and see a "pop-up" box with detailed information. 
There is no other information than the actor name and movie name available.

JSON
Find the JSON-file attached to this assignment, download it locally, 
and let your program fetch it from where you decide to put it.

Webpage
The webpage must be created with HTML, CSS and JavaScript (only vanilla JS, no frameworks, l
ibraries, or plugins allowed).

It must load the JSON file using JavaScript, and build a list in HTML, 
displaying the name and movie of each actor. You are free to layout the page anyway you like, 
and choose either ul, li, table, or something completely different for the list.

The CSS should be as minimal as possible, but you are encouraged to make it look cool. 
Feel free to implement graphical elements from other designs on the web. Originality is not a requirement.

The only required interactivity is that the user can click on a actor, and see further details.

Extras
You are not required to add anything else, but if you have the time, and need inspiration, 
think of some of these features:

Make the list filter the actors into different movies
Make the list sort the actors by first or last name
Make the list color the actors differently, depending on which movie they are in
Add animations to open and close "details" or "movies" when selecting different actors or movies
Hand-in details
Where

Upload the solution to your domain, and insert the link as the answer to this assignment.
Or you can use github-pages if you prefer - just make sure you link to the implementation, and not the github repository.

Feedback
The assignment will form the basis of a task given in class Thursday, and feedback will be given collectively during class.